src/backend/README.md, before:

# Web Backend

 [![pipeline status](https://git.thm.de/tnhm62/swtp-1-ki-ocr/badges/dev/pipeline.svg)](https://git.thm.de/tnhm62/swtp-1-ki-ocr/-/commits/dev)
 [![coverage report](https://git.thm.de/tnhm62/swtp-1-ki-ocr/badges/dev/coverage.svg)](https://git.thm.de/tnhm62/swtp-1-ki-ocr/-/commits/dev)

## Requirements
Make sure all requirements are installed.
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Also [poppler](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/poppler/poppler/) is required. There is an Debian package "poppler-utils", which make installing relatively easy.

## Start dev

While development you can start the server, by just calling:

```bash
python web-backend.py
```

When you wanna try it with the frontend, you have to use the same address and port as the frontend.

Here a sample nginx setup you could use

```nginx conf
http {
#put this server in you your existing config


    server {

        #change port if allready in use
        listen 80;
        server_name  localhost;

        #run python backend on port 5000
        location /web-backend/ {
            proxy_pass http://localhost:5000/;
        }

        #run frontend on port 3000
        location / {
            proxy_pass http://localhost:3000/;
        }


    }
}
```

## Production

Please do not use the method above for deployment. 
I prefer to deploy [flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/deploying/index.html) with [gunicorn](https://docs.gunicorn.org/en/stable/deploy.html#systemd)

Commit message:

removed Tesseract Options in Predict Interface

src/backend/README.md, after:

# Web Backend

 [![pipeline status](https://git.thm.de/tnhm62/swtp-1-ki-ocr/badges/dev/pipeline.svg)](https://git.thm.de/tnhm62/swtp-1-ki-ocr/-/commits/dev)
 [![coverage report](https://git.thm.de/tnhm62/swtp-1-ki-ocr/badges/dev/coverage.svg)](https://git.thm.de/tnhm62/swtp-1-ki-ocr/-/commits/dev)

## Requirements
Make sure all requirements are installed.
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Also [poppler](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/poppler/poppler/) is required. There is an Debian package "poppler-utils", which make installing relatively easy.

The installation of the Google Tesseract OCR Engine is also required before installing other tools.
This doesn't happen via the pip command but must be installed in local system.
After the google tesseract-ocr and other requirements are installed , languages in backend folder "./docs/lang" muss be added
to the tesseract languages folder "tessdata".
The path where it can be found starts with /usr/share/ or /usr/local/share. <br> 
## Start dev

While development you can start the server, by just calling:

```bash
python web-backend.py
```

When you wanna try it with the frontend, you have to use the same address and port as the frontend.

Here a sample nginx setup you could use

```nginx conf
http {
#put this server in you your existing config


    server {

        #change port if allready in use
        listen 80;
        server_name  localhost;

        #run python backend on port 5000
        location /web-backend/ {
            proxy_pass http://localhost:5000/;
        }

        #run frontend on port 3000
        location / {
            proxy_pass http://localhost:3000/;
        }


    }
}
```

## Production

Please do not use the method above for deployment. 
I prefer to deploy [flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/deploying/index.html) with [gunicorn](https://docs.gunicorn.org/en/stable/deploy.html#systemd)
